#Summary#
For our project in BAE 305, our group collaborated with a professor in the Horticulture Department, in order to design and build two different systems. The work was done in collaboration with Dr. Brent Arnoldussen. The two systems created were a TEM tray and an Ejector system. For the first system, the idea of the build was to create a tray that could read the critical temperature at which different fruit buds died off at. When a plant bud dies, it freezes inside and the heat of fusion of the ice can casue a voltage spike on TEMs. For our project, we used TEM (thermo-electric module) plates to take the reading of when the bud dies. We were able to make a tray of TEM plates that were stored in mint cans and riveted onto the tray, with the tray holding 14 trays along with a reference tray. This system will be placed in the freezer that Dr. Arnoldussen has in lab, which will allow him to run experiments to find when the critical temperature is reached for the buds in each mint can. There is a DAQ logger that allows for storing of the data collection. 
  For the second sytem, the ejector system, the purpose of this system was to be able to eject a canister that is filled with a plant specimen, at a temperature gradient that is chosen by the user. This system included a column that allows for holding of up to 10 canisters, and ejectors built out of solenoids that will allow the canister to be ejected via a vending machine style door. The ejector system will allow the user to eject canisters over a long period of time at different temperature setpoints to see how the plant specimens react to different temperatures. 
  Another part of this project included fabrication of a vending machine style door. This included a drawing design of the proposed door, which was then taken to the shop and fabricated with a flap at the bottom to mimmick a vending machine. 
  After testing our two systems, there were some very successful results. For the DAQ and TEM system, we were able to successfully collect and store voltage data on an excel file for an 18 hour test period. After mutliple test runs, we were able to rewire and get the system to work correctly, with a successful run exporting the data to an excel file. For the ejector system, we were able to successfully eject 10 canisters startign at 10 degrees celsius, and ejecting a canister every one degree celsius drop until the final temperature reached zero. 

#Design Description#
  For our design of the TEM system, we were given a parts list from a previous build of this project to work off of. We needed insulated metal cans to hold the TEMs so we drilled holes for the wires in mintboxes and riveted them to a perforated aluminum sheet. We filled them with insulating foam and then ran the wires for the TEMs through the mintboxes and the holes in the sheet so we could hook them up to connectors on the bottom of the tray. We needed to connect all of them to our DAQ(!!INclude DAQ model!!) for data acquisition, and we used a multiplexer(!!include multiplexer model!!) to increase the amount of channels for the DAQ. The TEMs came with two wires, which we screwed directly into the pin side of 8-pin-to-female ethernet connectors. The thermistor we sautered to extra wire to screw into the connector. On the other side of the connector we plugged in 4 CAT-6 cables that we had crimped. These cables ran to our multiplexer where the twisted pairs were pulled out of the cable and screwed into channels 121-135 on our multiplexer. We had some issues with crimping but they were ultimately resolved. Another issue was making sure all of the channels were connected to the appropriate TEMs, which was a matter of labelling and color-coding with the wires that came out of the CAT-6.
	For the ejector column, we used the perforated aluminum sheet to make walls that would go into our freezer. We got test tube racks, since they were rectangular, hollow, and the right dimensions, and we screwed them into the walls. We configured a sideways V-shaped ramp, with cans(PVC for demonstration purposes) being loaded at the top, rolling back at an angle, dropping down to a second ramp, and rolling up to the front. Having this cutback increased the amount of cans that we could fit but ended up being a huge headache as the corner became a point where we had a lot of jams. For our improved, more permanent drawings of the system we have replaced it with a continuous curve to resolve this. 
  We had two solenoids bracketed onto our test-tube racks with holes drilled so they could poke into the tube. We had one on top and one on bottom, spaced about the width of a can, and oriented in opposite directions. This way, when we sent a signal to fire both, one in the front would pull up and let the can behind it roll. Meanwhile the one behind it would push up and stop the other cans from rolling out with it. We had both solenoids wired to an external power supply on the ground end. Their positive ends were sautered together and we had a wire running into mechanical relays in the top of our fridge. These relays would act as a switch and be controlled by a program running on the freezer controller. We connected the power supply to the other end of the relay, creating a circuit. When the relay closed, the solenoids had power and would fire, and when the relay was off there was no circuit. We could adjust the temperature set points and on-time for the relays in a program on the WATLOW F4T controller on the freezer.


#Design Decision Discussion#

#Testing Description#

#Test Results# 

#Testing Results Discussion#
